The following scripts are used to integrate BAC data into 
current agp and tpf contig/gap files:

limit_bac_output.pl:

	this file is used to select biased the BLAST 
	information that is of importance to you.  You can 
	specify the parameters of the search near the top 
	of the file.

	The script requires in input of the BLAST results to
	be searched and a file containing two columns: first 
	the BAC id and second the correct BAC length.



bac_chr_position.pl:

	This script requires an input of the BAC data to be 
	integrated (from limit_bac_output.pl), and a folder 
	containing both the current agp and tpf files for 
	chromosomes of interest (use all chromosomes if you 
	do not know which your BAC information will map to).

	This script looks at each chromosome individually, 
	taking the BAC information mapping to the chromosome 
	and adding it to the chromosome information.  After 
	all BACs have been checked the start positions are 
	used to sort the data	After sorting is completed, 
	orientation	information is added and BACs are 
	used to replace current contigs and gaps where 
	possible.

	A standard error output is generated when an unknown 
	gap is removed by a BAC, as the estimated length of 
	all such gaps is 100bp.  These locations will need to 
	be tested to find the correct gap length, and test if 
	the BAC truly spans the gap. The following data start 
	and end positions as well as contained information 
	will need to be corrected accordingly.  Until more 
	information is known the script assumes 100bp to be 
	the correct length of such gaps.

	The script will automatically create new agp and tpf
	files for each chromosome contained in the input 
	folder.  The output files will contain 'bac' in their 
	name before the agp/tpf decoration (ex: if chr1.comp.agp 
	and chr1.comp.agp.tpf are inputed, you will get 
	chr1.comp.bac.agp and chr1.comp.bac.agp.tpf as output 
	files within the same folder). These files will contain 
	the BACs associated with the given chromosome, containing 
	all necessary information.


